LoviatarClaws/Mods/LoviatarClaws/README.md, before:

## Features
- tintable
- thematic passive and active abilities
- optional body modification content

## How to Get
- tutorial chest that you can also get via [summoning](https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/mods/457)
- `07ea67e5-344b-4de6-91d3-449cce27a685` spawn with script
- Abdirak (Loviatar priest in the goblin camp) inventory

## Body Modification (requires bg3se)
If you have Loviatar's Love (status boost that lasts until you die), taking a long rest with the boots on will progressively advance `Remodelled Frame` permanent boost, up to 4 times, with effects listed below. The theme is muscle loss, tendon shortening, and so on (no model change yet).
To avoid body modification, die to remove Loviatar's Love.
```
Inception: -1 STR
Foundation: -1 STR -1 DEX +1 CHA
Maturation: -2 STR -1 DEX +1 CHA disadvantage on intimidation checks
Perfection: -2 STR +2 CHA advantage on Persuasion checks, disadvantage on intimidation checks
```

Additionally, with stacks of `Remodelled Frame`, removing the boots will give a debuff until you re-equip the boots, the severity of which stacks with the `Remodelled Frame` stacks.
With each stack, you receive `-1m movement speed, -1 DEX`. At 4 stacks, you also receive disadvantage on DEX saving throws. This is due to your feet having been remodelled to need the heel support to walk, as otherwise you're either crawling on your knees or walking on tip-toes.

## Installation
- unzip and copy the `.pak` file to `C:\Users\<USER>\AppData\Local\Larian Studios\Baldur's Gate 3\Mods` as per usual
- activate via the [bg3 mod manager](https://github.com/LaughingLeader/BG3ModManager/releases) as per usual
- install [BG3SE (script extender)](https://github.com/Norbyte/bg3se/releases)

## Credits
[weslan](https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/users/89809) for the initial port of [Ciri's clothing](https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/mods/519) that I used as the base model.

Commit message:

Move text from code literal to localization

LoviatarClaws/Mods/LoviatarClaws/README.md, after:

## Features
- tintable
- thematic passive and active abilities
- optional body modification content

## How to Get
- (recommended) get Loviatar's Love from getting hit sufficiently well by Abdirak (Loviatar priest in the goblin camp)
- tutorial chest that you can also get via [summoning](https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/mods/457)
- `07ea67e5-344b-4de6-91d3-449cce27a685` spawn with script

## Body Modification (requires bg3se)
If you have Loviatar's Love (status boost that lasts until you die), taking a long rest with the boots on will progressively advance `Remodelled Frame` permanent boost, up to 4 times, with effects listed below. The theme is muscle loss, tendon shortening, and so on (no model change yet).
To avoid body modification, die to remove Loviatar's Love.
```
Inception: -1 STR
Foundation: -1 STR -1 DEX +1 CHA
Maturation: -2 STR -1 DEX +1 CHA disadvantage on intimidation checks
Perfection: -2 STR +2 CHA advantage on Persuasion checks, disadvantage on intimidation checks
```

Additionally, with stacks of `Remodelled Frame`, removing the boots will give a debuff until you re-equip the boots, the severity of which stacks with the `Remodelled Frame` stacks.
With each stack, you receive `-1m movement speed, -1 DEX`. At 4 stacks, you also receive disadvantage on DEX saving throws. This is due to your feet having been remodelled to need the heel support to walk, as otherwise you're either crawling on your knees or walking on tip-toes.

## Installation
- unzip and copy the `.pak` file to `C:\Users\<USER>\AppData\Local\Larian Studios\Baldur's Gate 3\Mods` as per usual
- activate via the [bg3 mod manager](https://github.com/LaughingLeader/BG3ModManager/releases) as per usual
- install [BG3SE (script extender)](https://github.com/Norbyte/bg3se/releases)

## Credits
[weslan](https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/users/89809) for the initial port of [Ciri's clothing](https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/mods/519) that I used as the base model.
